++++++++++++++++
title='Post 7'
categories = ['category1', 'category2']
++++++++++++++++

h1. This is a Heading 1

This might be an introductory paragraph on the general topic.

h2. Heading 2 gets more specific

Now we're getting into the details.

Even Mr. Sedaris, a noted luddite, has finally succumbed to doing his writing on a computer.  The Internet, however, remains an idiotic trifle:

bq. I've never seen the Internet. I don't have email. I just enjoy lying on the couch and reading a magazine. When people say, "You should visit my Web page," I'm always perplexed by it. Why? What do you do there?

Haven't we all pondered that at one time or another?

A standard Lorem Ipsum passage has been used since the 1500s:

bq.:http://www.lipsum.com/ Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.

bq.. This is one paragraph.

Another paragraph, also part of the quote.

p. A normal paragraph ends the quote.

Textile has several advantages over HTML:

* It's easier on the eyes
* You don't have to write all those HTML tags
** By not writing the tags yourself, you're less likely to make coding mistakes
** It requires fewer keystrokes
*** You don't wear out the keys on your keyboard as fast
*** You won't wear out your fingers as fast
* You can write it much quicker

How to make a PB&J:

# Gather bread, peanut butter, and jelly
# Slice the bread if necessary
# Assemble the sandwich
## Spread peanut butter on one slice of bread
## Put jelly on another slice
## Put the two slices together
# Enjoy

Three reasons to walk to work:

# It saves fuel
# It's good for your health
** Walking burns calories
** Time outside means lower stress
# It's good for the environment

- coffee := Hot and black
- tea := Also hot, but a little less black
- milk :=
Nourishing beverage for baby cows.

Cold drink that goes great with cookies. =:

42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.[1]

fn1. "Dr. Katz":http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Steven_Wright

|_. name|_. age|
|Walter|5|
|Florence|6|

|{background:#ddd}. Cell with background|Normal|
|\2. Cell spanning 2 columns|
|/2. Cell spanning 2 rows|one|
|two|
|>. Right-aligned cell|<. Left-aligned cell|

table(#prices).
|Adults|$5|
|Children|$2|

div. A simple div.

